227 Basic Calculator II
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/227.Basic-Calculator-II.cpp

938 Range Sum of BST
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/938.range-sum-of-bst.cpp

71 Simplify Path
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/71.simplify-path.cpp

339 Nested List Weight Sum 
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/339.nested-list-weight-sum.cpp

88 Merge Sorted Array
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/88.merge-sorted.array.cpp

528 Random Pick with Weight - prefixSum + binarySearch
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/528.random-pick-with-weight.cpp

146 LRU Cache
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/146.lru-cache.cpp

162 Find Peak Element 
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/162.Find-Peak-Element.cpp

827 Making A Large Island
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/827.Making-A-Large-Island.cpp

523. Continuous Subarray Sum
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/523.continuous-subarray-sum.cpp

283. Move Zeroes
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/283.move-zeroes.cpp

200. Number of Islands
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/200.number-of-islands.cpp

680. Valid Palindrome II
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/680.valid-palindrome-ii.cpp

347. Top K Frequent Elements
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/347.Top-K-Frequent-Elements.cpp

1762. Buildings With an Ocean View
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1762.buildings-with-an-ocean-view.cpp

408. Valid Word Abbreviation
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/408.valid-word-abbreviation.cpp

65. Valid Number
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/65.Valid-Number.cpp

56. Merge Intervals
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/56.merge-intervals.cpp

1004. Max Consecutive Ones III
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1004.Max-Consecutive-Ones-III.cpp

314. Binary Tree Vertical Order Traversal
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/314.binary-tree-vertical-order-traversal.cpp

109. Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/109.Convert-Sorted-List-to-Binary-Search-Tree.cpp

987. Vertical Order Traversal of a Binary Tree
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/987.vertical-order-traversal-of-a-binary-tree.cpp

38. Count and Say
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/38.count-and-say.cpp

31. Next Permutation
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/31.next-permutation.cpp

Merge two non-overlapping interval lists
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/Merge-two-interval-lists.cpp

199. Binary Tree Right Side View
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/199.Binary-Tree-Right-Side-View.cpp

50. Pow(x, n)
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/50.powx-n.cpp

346. Moving Average from Data Stream
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/346.Moving-Average-from-Data-Stream.cpp

215. Kth Largest Element in an Array
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/215.kth-largest-element-in-an-array.cpp

266. Palindrome Permutation
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/266.palindrome-permutation.cpp

62. Unique Paths
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/62.Unique-Paths.cpp

76. Minimum Window Substring
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/76.minimum-window-substring.cpp

Generate random max index
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/facebook-onsite-generate-random-max-index.cpp

1047. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1047.remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string.cpp

973. K Closest Points to Origin
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/973.K-Closest-Points-to-Origin.cpp

1570. Dot Product of Two Sparse Vectors
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1570.dot-product-of-two-sparse-vectors.cpp

766. Toeplitz Matrix
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/766.Toeplitz-Matrix.cpp

1944. Number of Visible People in a Queue
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1944.number-of-visible-people-in-a-queue.cpp

138. Copy List with Random Pointer
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/138.Copy-List-with-Random-Pointer.cpp

140. Word Break II
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/140.Word-Break-II.cpp

270. Closest Binary Search Tree Value
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/270.Closest-Binary-Search-Tree-Value.cpp

1356. Sort Integers by The Number of 1 Bits
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1356.sort-integers-by-the-number-of-1-bits.cpp

1207. Unique Number of Occurrences
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1207.unique-number-of-occurrences.cpp

1041. Robot Bounded In Circle
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/1041.robot-bounded-in-circle.cpp

939. Minimum Area Rectangle
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/939.minimum-area-rectangle.cpp

983. Minimum Cost For Tickets  
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/983.minimum-cost-for-tickets.cpp

921. Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/921.minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid.cpp

783. Minimum Distance Between BST Nodes
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/783.minimum-distance-between-bst-nodes.cpp

549. Binary Tree Longest Consecutive Sequence II
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/549.binary-tree-longest-consecutive-sequence-ii.cpp

560. Subarray Sum Equals K
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/560.subarray-sum-equals-k.cpp

350. Intersection of Two Arrays II
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/350.intersection-of-two-arrays-ii.cpp

323. Number of Connected Components in an Undirected Graph
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/323.number-of-connected-components-in-an-undirected-graph.cpp

282. Expression Add Operators
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/282.expression-add-operators.cpp

79. Word Search
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/79.word-search.cpp

277. Find the Celebrity
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/277.find-the-celebrity.cpp

224. Basic Calculator
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/224.Basic-Calculator.cpp

124. Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/124.binary-tree-maximum-path-sum.cpp

54. Spiral Matrix
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/54.Spiral-Matrix.cpp

48. Rotate Image
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/48.rotate-image.cpp

46. Permutations
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/46.permutations.cpp

43. Multiply Strings
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/43.multiply-strings.cpp

5. Longest Palindromic Substring
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/5.longest-palindromic-substring.cpp

28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/28.find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string.cpp

21. Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/21.merge-two-sorted-lists.cpp

415. Add Strings
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/415.add-strings.cpp

236. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/236.lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree.cpp

129. Sum Root to Leaf Numbers
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/129.Sum-Root-to-Leaf-Numbers.cpp

Minimum Cost for Round Trip
https://github.com/weRginger/future/blob/master/fb/minimum-cost-for-round-trip.cpp
